Add a note about emojis (#24657)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/dotnet-watch.md

    <script src="/_framework/aspnetcore-browser-refresh.js"></script>
</environment>
```

## Non-ASCII characters

> Starting with Visual Studio 17.2 / 6.0.300 version of the .NET SDK, `dotnet-watch` emits non-ASCII characters to the console during a hot reload session. On certain conole hosts, such as the Windows conhost, these characters may appear garbled. Consider switching to a different terminal, such as https://github.com/microsoft/terminal, that  supports rendering non-ASCII characters, or configure the `DOTNET_WATCH_SUPPRESS_EMOJIS=1` environment variable to suppress emitting these values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual Studio 17.2 and later includes the .NET SDK and 6.0.300 later. With the .NET SDK and 6.0.300 later, `dotnet-watch` emits non-ASCII characters to the console during a hot reload session. On certain conole hosts, such as the Windows conhost, these characters may appear garbled. To avoid garbled characters, consider on the of following approaches:

* Configure the `DOTNET_WATCH_SUPPRESS_EMOJIS=1` environment variable to suppress emitting these values.
* Switch to a different terminal, such as https://github.com/microsoft/terminal, that  supports rendering non-ASCII characters.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visual Studio 17.2 and later includes the .NET SDK 6.0.300 and later. With the .NET SDK and 6.0.300 later, `dotnet-watch` emits non-ASCII characters to the console during a hot reload session. On certain console hosts, such as the Windows conhost, these characters may appear garbled. To avoid garbled characters, consider one of the following approaches:

* Configure the `DOTNET_WATCH_SUPPRESS_EMOJIS=1` environment variable to suppress emitting these values.
* Switch to a different terminal, such as https://github.com/microsoft/terminal, that  supports rendering non-ASCII characters.
```
